README.md, before:

## Fall 2022 - Java


### PURPOSE:
Through 5 weeks of learning Java, you will now get the chance to put what you've learned to the test. This midterm will 
be difficult, and it will push you to learn some new things, as well. You will come out a better, more experienced
programmer, and you will be ready to learn Selenium. Enjoy the process!

##### INSTRUCTIONS:
- Deadline: October 16th @ 10AM
- Clone the project locally
- Copy the `lib` folder that can be found in this project, to a location on your local machine that you can easily access.
Then, add all required dependencies to the project classpath (same as how I showed you in class with Apache/MySQL jars)
- Create your own public repository in GitHub and name it: "<StudentID_FirstName> Java Midterm"
- Once you create your GitHub repo, [click here to add your repo URL](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G4MIoVKm72f0rt6OHWfEvDvpqn1pMiSrtGB_40LgheE/edit?usp=sharing)
- Point your local repo to your newly created remote repository and verify it is pointing to the correct repo 
`git remote -v` 
  - If not, change which remote repo your local is pointing to by using the following command: 
`git remote set-url <existing remote name> <new repo URL>`
- You must be pushing code to the repo on a consistent basis
  - Best practice (in real life), is to push your code every time you solve a problem, make a change, or finish a task.
  You should have 40+ commits in your repo history


### IMPORTANT NOTES :
- ***DO NOT PUSH ANY CODE CONTAINING ANY KIND OF ERRORS***
- Must complete all coding problems.
- Read the questions thoroughly and understand what is being asked of you. There are files in the project that are there for you to review. 
  - Try to understand how everything is working.
- Google should be used to learn, however, don't just copy and paste answers. You only hurt yourself if you copy and don't try
to understand the solution for yourself. 
- Once submissions are in, we will be reviewing the midterm in class together on the due date. So please be prepared to 
present your solutions.


#### ***ENJOY THE PROCESS & GOOD LUCK!***

Commit message:

Updated README and roster.csv file

README.md, after:

## Fall 2022 - Java


### PURPOSE:
Through 5 weeks of learning Java, you will now get the chance to put what you've learned to the test. This midterm will 
be difficult, and it will push you to learn some new things, as well. You will come out a better, more experienced
programmer, and you will be ready to learn Selenium. Enjoy the process!

##### INSTRUCTIONS:
- Deadline: October 16th @ 10AM
- Clone the project locally
- Locate the `lib` folder found under the root folder. You must add all the .jar files within this folder, 
to your project classpath (same as how I showed you in class with Apache/MySQL jars)
    - Go to `File` --> `Project Structure`
    - On the left side, under `Project Settings`, select `Modules`
    - Underneath `Name`, click `Dependencies`
    - Click the `+` sign
    - Click `1 JARs or directories...`
    - Locate your project, go into the lib folder, and highlight all the .jars, then click `OK`
    - Click `Apply` and wait until all of the libraries finish indexing (~10-15 seconds)
    - Click `Save`
- Create your own public repository in GitHub and name it: "<StudentID_FirstName> Java Midterm"
- Once you create your GitHub repo, [click here to add your repo URL](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G4MIoVKm72f0rt6OHWfEvDvpqn1pMiSrtGB_40LgheE/edit?usp=sharing)
- Point your local repo to your newly created remote repo. To do this:
    - Open terminal and enter `git remote -v` to verify the remote repo your local project is currently pointing to.
    - Enter `git remote set-url origin <your repo URL>`
    - Enter `git remote -v` again to verify your local repo now points to your remote repo
    - Enter `git add .`
    - Enter `git commit -m "Initial Commit"`
    - Enter `git push -u origin main` or `git push -u origin master`
- You must be pushing code to the repo on a consistent basis
  - Best practice (in real life), is to push your code every time you solve a problem, make a change, or finish a task.
  You should have 40+ commits in your repo history


### IMPORTANT NOTES :
- ***DO NOT PUSH ANY CODE CONTAINING ANY KIND OF ERRORS***
- Must complete all coding problems.
- Read the questions thoroughly and understand what is being asked of you. There are files in the project that are there for you to review. 
  - Try to understand how everything is working.
- Google should be used to learn, however, don't just copy and paste answers. You only hurt yourself if you copy and don't try
to understand the solution for yourself. 
- Once submissions are in, we will be reviewing the midterm in class together on the due date. So please be prepared to 
present your solutions.


#### ***ENJOY THE PROCESS & GOOD LUCK!***
